#!/bin/sh
# pip install or update
pip_install_or_update BeautifulSoup
pip_install_or_update cElementTree
pip_install_or_update ciElementTree
pip_install_or_update doc2dash
pip_install_or_update easygui
pip_install_or_update docutils
pip_install_or_update EasyTkinter
pip_install_or_update lxml
pip_install_or_update mysql-connector-python-cext
pip_install_or_update Nuitka
pip_install_or_update passlib
pip_install_or_update pip
pip_install_or_update py2app
pip_install_or_update six
pip_install_or_update Sphinx
pip_install_or_update termcolor
pip_install_or_update tikitiki
pip_install_or_update tldextract
pip_install_or_update TreeSoup
pip_install_or_update vboxapi
pip_install_or_update wheel
pip_install_or_update wxPython
pip_install_or_update wxPython-common
pip_install_or_update zope.interface